and the line maybe just about said
they're ready
gates fly they're racing in the LLL go
sprint and penny in phobia and jungle
cat came out very quickly not listen to
me began well buffering faster wire to
gel and Bel Canto behind the place
followed by goal dream sole power lady
Shipman fit yon angling to the outside
was Sir Maximilian and Luther is last of
all as they charge down the straight and
split into two groups far side not
listening to me jungle cat Bel Canto not
behind them now they merge her to gel in
the center going after pin a phobia
pampering amongst the leading group
clear of Luther and then lady Shipman
with 300 metres left to go penny a
phobia and buffering tackled by ona gel
on the far side buffering on the
grandstand side Penner phobia and her to
gel buffering in front 100 meters left
to go from pinafore BIA and the gels
lunching at the end buffering in front
life is great in the Sunshine State and
those Queenslanders are celebrating
buffering below the gel and Penna phobia
jungle cat Luther lady Shipman fin yarn
sole power was next followed by goal
dream bill canto and sir Maximilian and
nod with the last piece buffering number
9 written by Damian Brown